{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2511
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 A stock trading system can be viewed as an example of MDP. The states would be the historical information about the stock, like price, volume, and the financial indicators of the company like market value, net profit, net asset, etc. The action would be to buy, sell, or doing nothing with the stock. The reward could be +1 if the account is making a profit and -1 for losing money.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 A robot vacuum can be viewed as an example of MDP. The states would be the remaining battery capacity and the relative position from the original starting place. The actions would be to going north, south, west, and east. The rewards could be +1 if the robot gets to a new place, -1 if it goes to a place already been visited, -10 if it crashes to some object, or -100 if the battery is dead.\
\
A chess game playing agent can be viewed as an example of MDP.  The states would be the current condition of the board. The action would be to take any move(vertical, horizontal, diagonal). The reward could be +1 for a kill, + 100 for winning the game and -100 for losing the game.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
}